Support skip the deletion of repositories (#163)
konflux-ci/image-controller: README.md

---

### Skip repository deletion

By default, if the ImageRepository resource is deleted, the repository it created
in Quay will get deleted as well.

> In order to skip the deletion of the repository in Quay, the `image-controller.appstudio.redhat.com/skip-repository-deletion` should be added to the image repository resource. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to skip the deletion of the repository in Quay, the `image-controller.appstudio.redhat.com/skip-repository-deletion` annotation should be set to `"true"`. 
```

Author: done
